chore: fix link to bellman crate groth16 implementation (#9772)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: book/src/user/parameters.md

https://zips.z.cash/protocol/protocol.pdf#grothparameters

> Zebra uses the [bellman crate groth16 implementation](https://github.com/zkcrypto/bellman/tree/main/groth16) for all groth16 types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zebra uses the [bellman crate groth16 implementation](https://crates.io/crates/groth16) for all groth16 types.
```

Thanks! maybe we can just link to the crate ?

Author: sounds good!!
